Handling heaps of garbage is the most essential issue of today's era. Improper disposal of garbage has a negative impact on the environment and contributes to adverse climatic changes. <br>Harmful substances and pollutants are released from the accumulated heaps of garbage. Food scraps and organic wastes release methane which contributes to climatic change. Toxic chemicals from improper disposal of electronic waste can contaminate soil and water sources which will harm human life. Improper waste management results in filling landfills rapidly, leading to deforestation and the destruction of natural habitats. Contaminated soil and water from garbage will affect those who rely on it for their survival i.e. plants, animals, and humans. Accumulated heaps of garbage release harmful gases into the air which causes air pollution and respiratory problems. The poor air quality will have an effect on human life. Accumulation of garbage in landfills increases global greenhouse gas emissions. It is essential to adopt proper waste management practices to mitigate these negative impacts and have a healthier environment. This includes reducing waste generation through recycling, properly disposing of segregated waste, efficient waste collection, and raising public awareness about proper waste management. We will be able to protect the environment, conserve resources and mitigate adverse climatic changes by managing and disposing of heaps of garbage properly and efficiently. Disposal and recycling of trash is one of the main challenges of the present era because the garbage is accumulated in landfills. The improper disposal of garbage can result in heaps of rubbish which will harm the environment. 
The TrashBot bin is an efficient solution to the waste management problem.  TrashBot bin is an automated trash sorter that can segregate the trash without any error and with an accuracy of 87\% that has been achieved on a trash dataset of seven categories i.e. wood, plastic, glass, metal, cardboard, battery, and others. Previously, the process of sorting garbage was carried out manually, which was tedious and perilous work, since it contained harmful and hazardous wastes which endanger human life. TrashBot bin will fix the problem and prevent the garbage from turning into heaps. Also, sorted trash is much easier to be disposed of.  TrashBot bin will contain several bins inside it, in which it will segregate waste into its respective bin. This segregation will prevent the accumulation of garbage in landfills. The segregated waste will be easily disposed of without contaminating soil, air, and water. The TrashBot application will have several features which facilitate the customer in proper waste management. The schedule bin feature will allow the user to book a slot of his choice for the collection of waste. This will prevent the accumulation of waste in landfills. The user will be notified through the application when the TrashBot bin will be full. The news feature will keep the user aware of the latest environmental and adverse climatic changes due to heaps of garbage. This will raise awareness for proper waste management among users. The report generation feature will allow the user to analyze how much waste is produced weekly and monthly. This will encourage users to reduce waste generation. 
